README.md, before:

# Valuqo

## Visit Website

Visit <a href="http://snme.github.io">Valuqo <img src="vqlogo.png" width="15" height="15"/></a>

## Description and Feature Set

A secure personal finance website and iOS/Android app that recommends cheaper options for daily commodities, new commuting routes, and diagnostics on expenses.
Specifically, the app offers:
- **Cheaper Alternatives** - algorithms to analyze cheaper, yet comparable options for commonly purchased goods. Currently includes gas prices. Planning to including gr oceries, breakfast options, etc.
- **Diagnostics**- diagnostics on transactional history and current blances to suggest new routes to commonly visited places using Google Maps API
- **Analysis** - analysis on expenditures to suggest budget cuts in certain areas
- **Data Visualization** - personalized visualization of data with multicolored and multi-layered charts/graphs integrated into an invigorating UI/UX. 

## Status
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
<img src="vqobeta.svg" height="20"/>
![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-sb-admin.svg?branch=master)
![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-sb-admin/status.svg)
![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-sb-admin/dev-status.svg)

## Structure

To be updated soon.

## Authors

CSE 2017 Long-Term Project Repo for Sathya, Bill, & Yogi

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2013-2017 Blackrock Digital LLC. Base and Valuqo released under the [MIT](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-sb-admin/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

Update README.md Structure
Titular function to include valuqo website , non-valuqo website

README.md, after:

# Valuqo

## Visit Website

Visit <a href="http://snme.github.io">Valuqo <img src="vqlogo.png" width="15" height="15"/></a>

## Description and Feature Set

A secure personal finance website and iOS/Android app that recommends cheaper options for daily commodities, new commuting routes, and diagnostics on expenses.
Specifically, the app offers:
- **Cheaper Alternatives** - algorithms to analyze cheaper, yet comparable options for commonly purchased goods. Currently includes gas prices. Planning to including gr oceries, breakfast options, etc.
- **Diagnostics**- diagnostics on transactional history and current blances to suggest new routes to commonly visited places using Google Maps API
- **Analysis** - analysis on expenditures to suggest budget cuts in certain areas
- **Data Visualization** - personalized visualization of data with multicolored and multi-layered charts/graphs integrated into an invigorating UI/UX. 

## Status
![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
<img src="vqobeta.svg" height="20"/>
![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-sb-admin.svg?branch=master)
![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-sb-admin/status.svg)
![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-sb-admin/dev-status.svg)

## Essential Structure

### Valuqo Website
- **index.html** - Home page with links to tables.html, Yodlee Envestnet POC App
- **tables.html** - Gas algorithm page with parsing and Google Maps API
- **Yodlee Envestnet** - Connection with bank accounts (passes huge hurdle that many financial companies fail to cross (security of information and convenience)

### Non-Valuqo Website
- **Swift Code** - geolocation and Valuqo website.
- **Yodlee Envestnet** - application Java source code and modifications.

## Authors

CSE 2017 Long-Term Project Repo for Sathya, Bill, & Yogi

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2013-2017 Blackrock Digital LLC. Base and Valuqo released under the [MIT](https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-sb-admin/blob/gh-pages/LICENSE) license.
